That us learn about pointer variable.
See this is int type variable having value 10 and then also I will take a integer type pointer
and to this I will assign address of A
here I display value of A and endl then cout adress of A then cout.
Just P, see  I have to get the pointer here and I have assigned the address of A to P.
So if I display P I should get the address of A only then cout  address of P Also. as P is a  pointer
is also occupying some space.
I want to print its address then cout dereference P.
Now I have some syntax here.
I have declared a pointer and initialize a pointer and here I'm dereferencing a pointer.
Let us run and see. what
All values I get.
See first I am displaying a.
So I got the value of A.
That is the address of a.
I got some hexa decimal a number ending with 4e8.
Then what is P, P is a pointer which is storing address of a.
So I got the same address.
Then adress of P, P is a variable.
It is also having its own adress.
So this is  adress of P.
P.
Then here I am displaying the data of where P is  pointing So hereP is pointing on a.
And A  contains 10.
So here 10 is displayed.
So this is the syntax for declaring and initializing a pointer and dereferencing a pointer.